Updated user-namespaces.md (#36738)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces.md

This means containers can run as root and be mapped to a non-root user on the
host. Inside the container the process will think it is running as root (and
therefore tools like `apt`, `yum`, etc. work fine), while in reality the process

> doesn't have privileges on the host. You can verify this, for example, if you 

Reviewer: Seems you added ending space by mistake.
```suggestion
doesn't have privileges on the host. You can verify this, for example, if you
```

check the user that the container process is running as by executing `ps` on the host.

> The user in the ouput of the `ps` command is not the same if you execute the command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user in the output of the `ps` command is not the same as you execute the command
```
